the usage of .out syntax (#4202)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/dsl2.md

    foo.out.samples_bam.view()
}
```

> If you're referencing the named output right at the point where the process is being executed, you don't need to use the `.out` syntax. This is the more concise method. For instance:
> ```groovy

Reviewer: ````suggestion

If referencing a named output as the process is invoked, you can use a more concise syntax:

```groovy
````
